Something is coming, something hungry for
blood. What is it?
The demogorgon.
Deep shit? I have to go.
Later. See you tomorrow.
Good night, ladies.
Kiss your mom goodnight for me.
Will Buyers. Will is missing, I don't know
where he is. 99 out of 100 times kid goes
missing. The kid is with a parent or
relative. What about the other time?
What?
You said 99 out of 100.
What about the other time? The one.
The one. Will, Will.
Guys, I really think we should turn back.
You guys hear that? That's not Will.
You're in trouble, aren't you?
We've sealed off this area.
Is where it came from? Yes.
And the girl?
She can't have gone far.
Find, three. You really think it was a
coincidence that we found the same place
where Will disappear? Something is going on
here.
What the hell? She knows about Will. Is there
any way that you could reach him?
Yes. What if this whole time I've been
looking for Will? She sniffed something
else.